Yaoyao hold on Yaoyao
Don't leave me
Don't leave me, I don't want to move Yaoyao
Brother Yan, Brother Yan
original
We've known each other for so long
Yaoyao, you are awake
I'm so afraid of losing you again, again
Why didn't you tell me?
You are Brother Yan
You remember
When did you remember?
When I saw that necklace
You want me to be your wife?
Empire Star is no small matter
So you didn't marry me for cooperation at all
Still the same as when I was a kid
One wood
If a big man were known to you
I still remember the promise I made when I was a child
that
Is it shameful to lose?
It's embarrassing
Even if ashamed
I also admit
I've always wanted to marry you since I was a kid
I have been tortured by heart disease all these years.
I can only bury this wish in my heart
Thank goodness.
Bring you back to me
Don't ever leave me again, okay?
Am I interrupting?
Good to know
Miss Su, this is a gift from my boyfriend and I to you.
Hope you get well soon.
Boyfriend, right?
It was Mr. Li who sponsored me to go to college
That's why I help them.
Now, don't get me wrong.
Don't be jealous now
Is anyone jealous?
No, I don't.
Zhou Mei, how is she now?
Zhou Mei is crazy
She actually left a suicide note to kill herself
He donated his heart to Su Sitian
Su Sitian woke up and learned the truth
Also crazy
OK
Zhou Mei is evil
But she was a wonderful mother.
3 300 million
Well, I regretted it.
I'll change it to a billion